Of course, I'll ask for a prime
real estate in the central region.
That's where I'll be gulping down
the finest liquor at all times of day.
I won't let anyone complain about it.
I've earned the right to live a happy life
with my wife, my kids, and even my grandkids.
Jean, it's me.
We're waiting outside.
I didn't notice that.
I didn't hear a thing.
Don't go.
Don't think.
If you just stay here...
that prime central real estate is yours.
Just stay...
I'm glad you came, Jean.
Mikasa was filling me with the situation.
I'm sorry I couldn't have been
on the site with you guys.
You have done well under
such an adverse situation.
As for Levi...
He's not unscathed, but he's alive.
He won't be able to fight
for a while, though.
And lastly,
we joined forces with the Cart Titan
and remaining Marleyan forces.
It's to stop Eren.
Genocide is a mistake.
How will we stop him?
We must first gather allies.
What we can do depends on
who we have on our side.
But we're powerless without the help
from you and the Nine Titans.
The old chain of command has been wiped out
and I'm no longer your superior.
With that in mind, I ask you--
I'll do it.
I don't want to let Eren
slaughter anyone else.
Even if he's doing so to
protect us and this island,
I want to stop him.
Mikasa...
If we can somehow stop Eren...
What will you do?
Even if Eren can maintain
the Founding's power,
he only has four years left to live.
What'd happen to this island after that?
If for decades to come,
far into the future...
The world still continue to loathe us...
Then stopping Eren would also mean
leading this island to its doom.
From how I see it...
The Marley assumes the Rumbling happens
immediately after their surprise attack.
At the very least, they won't lay
their hand on this island for a while.
"Unless we destroy that island completely,
we'll never know when they'll destroy the world."
It'll just stir up more rage
than Willy Tybur's speech!
You may be right.
Either way, even if this island
is to be destroyed,
we'd still get at least a few years to spare.
But the last time we decided to explore
possibilities with the time we had,
we couldn't solve a single thing!
That's why Eren decided to
wipe out the world--
Genocide is wrong!
There is...
There is no right reason
to commend such an act!
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have shouted like that.
Just like Jean said,
Eren was pushed to do this...
...all because of my feckless idealism.
And I might be howling about it...
But I was trying to run away.
To abandon everything...
To forget it all and just survive...
But I'm still the Commander
of the Survey Corps.
Many of my comrades dedicated their heart
for the freedom of humanity...
...and I can feel
they're all looking at me.
Almost all of them died without even knowing
that humanity exists beyond the walls.
"It's all good as long as
this island is free."
Do you think a single of them
would've been so selfish to say that?
We only have one chance
to stop this genocide.
And that is now.
Hange.
I'm...
I'm still a member of the Survey Corps.
(Night of the End)
Can somebody help me?
Or maybe stop staring
at each other like that.
So you want us to eat together after
all the time we spent killing each other?
It's quite curious.
What changed your mind?
If you just let Eren Yeager be,
you'll attain the world you wished for.
A paradise for the island devils.
We were so close to stopping
Eren and Zeke coming into contact.
Had it not been for you guys helping them.
Like I explained, General.
None of us wished for a genocide.
Otherwise, we wouldn't be hiding here
in the forest and make a stew.
So you're saying you finally
see whose side justice is on?
Justice?
Did you just talk about justice?
You're saying we're the bad guys
for fighting back
against the Titans
you people kept sending?
Listen!
We fought as hard as we did because
we didn't want to be eaten alive by Titans!
And you're saying that's something
only a devil would do, you old geezer?!
Yeah. You do look like devils to me.
All our fears about the threat
of Paradis have come true,
and the world's on
the brink of destruction.
This is the result of all your struggle.
Isn't it?
Listen here.
If he hadn't watched his mother eaten alive
when the wall was breached...
Eren would never have done
anything like this!
You people left him with no choice
but to use the Rumbling!
Oh, so now you want to talk about history?
You should at least understand
that Eldia was the first
to devastate Marley and
put our people through hell.
How long are you going to play the victim
over something happened two millennia ago?
Good grief, it's like I'm talking to a child.
You think nonsense like that holds up
in face of two thousand years of real history?
What did you say?
Aaah, let's stop this.
An argument over what happened 2,000 years ago
when you're not even there bores me.
Jean.
The General is perplexed
over our existence.
To him, we're strange devils
who'd abandon our own paradise
just to save the very people
who tried to eradicate us.
We lived in the outside world
for several months.
We can never go back to being
the ignorant island devils.
So?
Can you guys kill him?
Can you kill Eren?
Killing Eren isn't the only way to stop him.
I knew you would say that.
Then what?
Are you going to persuade him?
You think the guy who'd
reconsider that easily
would begin genocide
on the rest of the human race?
We don't know.
Not until we talk to Eren.
Then assuming you managed to talk to him.
What would you do when
he refuses to stop his genocide?
Has thinking of Eren as the enemy
turned you into idiots?
I knew it.
If those of us from Marley try to protect
our homeland by killing Eren,
you'll end up fighting us to protect him.
I'm sure of it.
That's how it'd end up, right? Mikasa?
I'm sure never in your life you ever thought
of anything more precious to you than Eren.
So you're saying you need to kill me?
Eh?!
Leonhart!
I get how you must feel.
I also have one reason I want to stop Eren.
I don't want my father
in Marley to be killed.
That's why I need your help.
If you can convince Eren to stop,
then great.
At the very least, we have
no reason to fight until then.
Fine.
There, there!
Come on, the stew is ready now.
Let's eat.
Even after resting the horses,
it'll still take five hours
at full speed to the harbor.
We'll have to rely on the Azumabito.
According to Miss Kiyomi,
there's a flying boat meant to observe
the Rumbling ready at the harbor.
We can use that to get close
to the Founding Titan.
I knew it. So the Azumabito were
helping you behind the scenes.
The problem is locating the Founding Titan.
We'll run out of fuel in no time
if we just fly around aimlessly.
Yes. That's why we captured her.
Where would Yeager be headed first?
How should I know?
Even if I did, why would I tell you?
Yeager had no knowledge of the mainland.
So you must've told him
what he needed to know.
He's planned out which direction
his Titans will head toward.
You should be able to make some guesses.
Shit head.
Hmm?
I'm asking why I'm ought to help
a Marleyan shit head like you.
Remember we get to decide
whether you live or not.
It's pointless.
She's eager to die.
But aren't you fighting Marley
to save your own homeland?
Are you okay letting it
get trampled like this?
Yelena?
She's fine with that.
Because...
She's a Marleyan shit head
just like the rest of us.
You've completely outwitted us
in Libero, after all.
Yelena.
We looked into your past,
and found some surprises.
You were born into a perfectly normal
Marleyan family,
but you pretended to be from
a small nation annexed by Marley.
It was right after you met Zeke.
After becoming disillusioned by Marley,
you crafted a story.
A miraculous fairytale of how you
and the prince saves the world.
You tried to solidify your lie
into an indelible part of human history.
I'm impressed by the depth of your desire.
To save the world.
Are there any words sweeter
and more alluring than this?
You give yourselves to the sublimely exciting idea
that you will save hundreds of millions of lives,
and gulp it all down, as if to wash away
all the hatred you felt in the past.
That's how all of you look
in my eyes right now.
Let's take a quick look into the past.
Reiner Braun.
Who knows how many Eldians lost their life
because you breached the wall that day.
Annie Leonhart.
I've heard you've killed quite
a lot of the Survey Corps members.
Including a large number of residents
in the Stohess District.
And of course, the same goes
for the soldiers of Paradis.
You're usually a very sensible
and decent person,
so I've never thought I'd see you
to raze a military port so mercilessly.
Armin.
Your military accomplishments
should be relative
to the mountain of corpses you left behind,
including the civilians'.
I have vivid memories of the brave acts
the rest of you have done in Liberio.
Especially Jean.
You valiantly hurled a Thunder Spear
at that little boy Falco to defeat the Cart.
And Gabi, the girl over there,
shot Sasha to death.
Sasha was a really good girl.
Even I was sad about that.
However,
for all of you who think of her as family
since your training corps days...
Your sadness and hatred
easily dwarf mine.
This stew is delicious, Hange.
Can I have more?
Yeah, there's plenty more.
Thanks, Yelena.
You were trying to air out all our grudges out
so we can get our minds straight, weren't you?
Right when your dream you're so committed to
that you blew up your friends' brains out
just to attain ended up failing,
and all you wish now is death.
I say it's very considerate of you.
Oh right, I almost forgot.
What was it again?
The name of that good friend of yours
that you once told me about...
Oh right, it's Marco.
You said Annie was involved
in his death, didn't you?
Have you asked about it yet?
The truth behind his death.
I took off Marco's Vertical Maneuver Gear.
That's why a Titan ate--
Annie was only following my order.
Marco overheard the secret conversation
I had with Bertolt.
In fear of our cover being blown...
I thought the best way to silence him
was to have a Titan kill him.
I slammed Marco into
a roof while in the air.
And while I hold him down
so he can't move,
I had Annie take his
Vertical Maneuver Gear from him.
Marco then stuck there until
a Titan came up and ate him.
Did Marco say anything at the very end?
He said, "We haven't even had
a chance to talk this through."
Yeah...
He's right.
We haven't been trying to talk this over!
That's why we've been fighting each other
to death like this, isn't it?
It's still not too late.
We've been on each other's throats
all this time.
But at the very least, we're now talking
without trying to kill each other.
Who could've imagined this?
That we'd be all eating
around a fire like this.
As I watched the Titan eating Marco...
I wondered why Marco is being eaten.
Eh?
Then I flew into a rage and killed that Titan.
Claiming it was for Marco--
That's enough!
You're saying the guilt messed
with your head, right?
Don't forgive me.
I really am just a helpless--
I said enough!
I'm sorry.
Hey, Jean!
Don't do it!
Stop it!
Jean!
Gabi!
I'm sorry.
We...
Our wish... was to slaughter
all of you... on Paradis.
We wanted the world to accept us,
to forgive us.
That's why we kept hoping for the devils
on this island to go away.
And now, my mom, my dad...
and everyone on Liberio
will be gone because of it.
I'm sorry.
I know it's very impudent of me to ask this...
But we need your help!
Please... lend us your strength!
We beg you.
Please stop the Rumbling together with us!
We beg you!
Let go of me.
Where are you going, Jean?
Jean! What about your seconds?!
It's not working...
He left...
Gabi...
You guys are so loud.
Wake up.
It's time to go.
You will help us?
Yeah. Of course.
Come on! How long you're going
to sleep, Reiner?
You're already healed, aren't you?!
Gabi.
Sorry I kicked you.
Are you okay?
Yeah, it's okay. I'm fine.
I see.
Reiner, you won't get any apology from me.
Yeah. That's fine.
What about me?
The Cart's coming.
Stop. Something's wrong.
The harbor.
The Yeagerist has taken
control of the harbor!
They must've gotten there first
by the steam engine.
There are many soldiers with
Anti-Titan Gear surrounding the place.
They're ready for combat.
The iron bullet is the proof of justice
If it pierces through,
I'll be closer to being a hero
But when I close my eyes and touch
I notice that the devil
was no different from me
Why am I not good, but he's okay?
The only thing that
separates us was the wall
Don't lament on the fate that we're born
Because we're all free
If only I have wings like birds
I can go anywhere I want
But if I don't have a place to return to
I'm sure I can't go anywhere
I don't want to just live
The world is cruel, but I still love you
I will sacrifice anything to protect you
Even if it's a mistake to do so,
I'll not doubt my actions
Because the right thing
is to firmly believe in yourself
Stopping Eren to save the world.
As those who made up their minds step out,
their former allies are
standing on their way.
Next time, "Traitor."